Impromptu Google Meet Meeting - October 02
VIEW RECORDING - 46 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/Cfs9dVG22U2MyWQoX_6NrhEycNVyCzc8

---

0:00 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So, yeah, all good. How are you doing?

0:08 - Shadi Halloun
  Yeah. Yes, yes, I hear you.

0:11 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Oh, perfect.

0:12 - Shadi Halloun
  I'm in Dubai and I don't have my earphones. It's in the room. But if you can hear me well, that's good.  Yeah.

0:22 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah. All right.

0:26 - Shadi Halloun
  So, listen, I tried to make some order because I think part of it is also my fault because I've been traveling and I wouldn't communicate that well.  But I want us to start moving more quickly because, as I told you, this is just the base that we're building and there's going to be so many things on top of it.  And I do want to work with you, you know, on these things. So let's make sure that we get these things moving and clarified so we can move forward.  And I will do. Let's clarify, first of all, the first step. Yeah. redo it. I made some summary, and I think this way it can be best if we go over, because what I care about, Leo, as you know, what I care about is tracking the metrics, right?  Like, this is all I care about. I just want to be able to track these things. This is why we're doing this.  I want to be able to track these things that I sent you in Upwork in the beginning. I sent you, like, the list of things that I want to be tracking.  Now, I don't expect all of them, like, to work, but let's see, like, what's working, what's not, and how I can fix it or you can fix it.  So the first thing, this is the exact list that I sent you on HubSpot, on Upwork.

1:46 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah, yeah.

1:47 - Shadi Halloun
  Okay, perfect. So let's go over them, and let's see, like, how we're doing with that. So first of all, total sales, it's there in the dashboard.  This is working. It's okay. Okay? The second one, This is the average deal size. I don't think this one is accurate.  If you look here, the average deal, it says 1800, which is very weird because our average deal size is like at least 3500.  So I don't know where this is coming from and why it's broken.

2:19 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Okay. Yeah. So to clarify something, it's like just MVP that I built very fast. So this is not the whole data.  And I have some structure that I show you how it will all system will work. So it's not only just dashboards that you upload in files, but system that can scale with your sales teams and etc.  So it's like more production level. So I can like screen share, show you what I think would work. And then you can ask of something not clear.  Okay. Okay. Sure. Sure. So basically, I will give you a

3:00 - Shadi Halloun
  Screen share, hold on. Basically what I care about, Cleo, is the list that I put here of the metrics.  Let's go over them and I want to see like which ones that we're currently tracking and which ones are not that we're leaving for the next milestone.

3:12 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  This is all I care about. About all these metrics, I checked and it's all trackable. So I find information about your telephone service.  It's all in HubSpot contacts and everything that we need, we can track. Perfect. But the question is some of the data could be not accurate in the first CSV file.  So we can track the like 80% of data from the past periods. But if you want it to be 100% accurate, I need to configure the sales funnel in your HubSpot.  So your sales team will mapping all the data in the correct way if you want a clear information. Okay?  Okay. Okay. Yeah, it's like from the like day, okay, let's say next week, all the data, if your managers will map it correctly, you will have very clear information.  It's first thing. Second, yeah, I will send you documents if you have your make guy who make your automations.  So what they can automate. Yeah, I sent it to you before. So maybe I make some updates. So it's more relevant.  But we should do like all that we can automate, we should automate. So like your managers just mapping their something that's really important like this.  Okay. So yeah, now I will show you how the system will look like. I shared with you, I shared with you the Google Sheet, if you can open it, and then we can see like, I want

5:00 - Shadi Halloun
  See like which ones that we are currently tracking properly, which ones we need to change something either in the funnel or in the way that they work, so can have the full picture, yes?  So, wait, Google Sheets, I don't see when you, where you sharing?

5:14 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  I'm at systemhustle, I think, .com. Ah, can you send it in Slack?

5:21 - Shadi Halloun
  Yes. Alright.

5:23 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Check.

5:25 - Shadi Halloun
  Here you go. Okay.

5:30 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Okay, perfect. So, yeah, that's good. So, just this information, I already add all the fields in HubSpot in Contacts and Deals.
  ACTION ITEM: Configure HubSpot fields for all discussed metrics tracking
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Cfs9dVG22U2MyWQoX_6NrhEycNVyCzc8?timestamp=337.9999  Have you checked it?

5:47 - Shadi Halloun
  Which one? Sorry.

5:48 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So, I add the missing fields in HubSpot. So, for tracking this metrics, we need to have extra fields in Contacts  In deals. So I add this field and now we need just to map them correctly and then all these metrics can be tracked.  So total deals...

6:13 - Shadi Halloun
  One by one, like let's go one by one. Total sales is already working.

6:17 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah, average deal size we just need to know all their metrics, can. Total deals it can. So wait, sorry.

6:28 - Shadi Halloun
  Number three, the average deal size. Why do we need a new property for this? We already have one for the deal, no?

6:37 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  No, I mean for some fields I add new, but some don't need. So... So wait, let's go one by one.

6:45 - Shadi Halloun
  So the average deal side, we already have, here we already have it. So why this is not working?

6:52 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So as I said that I make an MVP, so just see how it works. But to... When it work in production, need to have a database when we have upload everything through HubSpot.  In the first, you want to have Airtable for this, yeah? But Airtable is not a good database, it's just like for managers.  If you need real good data, we need to use some like super base.

7:26 - Shadi Halloun
  I don't know the technicalities, I really don't care if you use Airtable or Google Studio or anything. just want to be able to see this data, that's all I care about.  So you tell me what we're going to do in order to see this.

7:39 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So yeah, you can ask me about some metric and I will tell you how we can track it. Go on.  Okay, so the average deal size. Okay, so we can track it. Yeah, if we know total sales, we have amount of deals, so we can track it.  Okay, so now it's not working but it's in your-

8:00 - Shadi Halloun
  So, your version, it's working? Yeah.

8:04 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Okay.

8:09 - Shadi Halloun
  Okay. As long as it works there, I don't care. Okay. Perfect. Total deals, that's working. Okay. Now upfront cash collected.  For this, do we need like a new property or what?

8:21 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So, what it means upfront cash collected?

8:25 - Shadi Halloun
  It's basically like if someone makes a deal now and the customer pays, let's say, 2,000 and then they say they're going to pay the rest next month.  What they pay today on the day of the sale is the upfront cash collected.

8:40 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So, for example, the total deal is like $1,000, but it's like six periods and they pay only 300. So, it means how much money you have in your bank account.  Yeah. Yes. Yes.

8:55 - Shadi Halloun
  How much money they paid on the day of the sale? Yes. Yes. Well done. ... ... It's very comfortable.  Sometimes they pay $500 today and they say, okay, the rest will pay $100, $100, $100, you know?

9:07 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So, okay, so how many, like, you call it installment, yeah? How every payment is installment or what?

9:16 - Shadi Halloun
  Yeah, but I wouldn't call it installment because it's not exactly the same every time because this is like, as I said, sometimes if it's like the deal is like $1000, sometimes they pay $500 today and then they pay the rest on $100.  So it's not equal all the installments, you know, in many cases. So it has to be maybe a custom field, I don't know, maybe a custom field like, okay, this was the upfront cash collected and this is, I don't know.

9:43 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah. So, how, how much, how many install, like, payments usually they do? Or it can be like 10 or it can be like 20?  No, no, the top is 10, the top.

9:54 - Shadi Halloun
  Yeah. Okay.

9:56 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So we can do it tool options. Like we have like. Yeah. useful? Okay. Right. Ten fields and every payment is a new field.  So you can track more data or we can have one field. I mean, how much they already pay and how much they will pay in future.  And just manager update it every time. But I think it's better to have like ten fields and every time.

10:18 - Shadi Halloun
  Maybe ten fields is good because sometimes we have very custom deals. So sometimes they say, okay, we pay today 500, then we pay 200 and then we'll pay 100.  know, I don't like this, but sometimes this is what the sales team does. So it has to be customized like this.

10:37 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So I don't know.

10:38 - Shadi Halloun
  Maybe we put ten and we do it this way.

10:42 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah. So we will need a date, which day they pay and number of payments, for example, like first or second and amount, something like this.  Yeah.

10:55 - Shadi Halloun
  So basically, okay. So it's basically like going to be like a table, right? Of like, okay, this is the...  Date of the payment, the amount of the payment, and that's it, right? Yeah.

11:07 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So like on 2nd October, he pay like $100, like in one week he pay like $200. I will think how to make it more easy for managers to mapping.  Yeah, because there's two things here, Leo.

11:24 - Shadi Halloun
  There is one is the agreement of like the sales team. They would put, okay, he's going to pay this and this and this, but there's also like the actual what happens, because the customer can say, okay, on the 10, I will pay $500, but then their card doesn't work.  So I don't know what we put there, like if we put only, you understand? Yeah.

11:47 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So maybe we can have like how much the total amount, how much they already pay, and like how much they need to pay.  So we can track in like total amount, how much cash you need to collect. ...in the future from these customers.  So yeah, let's just clarify the logic, and when I understand it, I can implement the best way for HubSpot fields.  Okay, okay. Okay, let's keep this more trending.

12:26 - Shadi Halloun
  Cancellation rates. Do we have this somewhere?

12:32 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Cancellation. So from what fields it calculates?

12:37 - Shadi Halloun
  Cancellation rate? I don't know the field, the cancellation rate is basically the rate per agent, per time, per whatever of the new customers, or, like, of the customers, that they have cancelled.  So for example, I can look at, like, okay, I want to look at January for the HMX, and I want to see, like, from, in January, all of his deals.  Which ones cancelled, even in June, because sometimes they cancel after a month, two, three months, so we move it to cancel, move it to closed, lost, or whatever.

13:11 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Okay, so from here, I see that we need to configure the stages in deals. Because, for example, your client, he start paying, that he cancel, yeah?  So, but he still pay you some money or he return money?

13:32 - Shadi Halloun
  There's two cases, some of them we refund, some of them, they just cancel. But for me, it's the same, I just look at it as one cancel, it doesn't matter if I refund them or they pay half, you know?

13:46 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah, because I think it's different if like someone pay like 90% and someone pay just 10% and then ask refund, it's different type of customers.

13:55 - Shadi Halloun
  I agree, I agree, but like, but I don't want to like over-optimize. Because it's going to be like simpler if we keep it just cancellation, you know, for now, because we can also see on the other hand, I can see also the, how much we collected money from this, how much we collected money from this, then I can analyze this separately, you know, but for this, I just care about, like, I want to see like per agent, how much they have, like good sales, like quality, like how much, yeah, yeah, it makes sense.

14:23 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So if we see how much they should pay, how much they already pay, and if they cancel, it's easy to calculate.  Exactly. So, yeah. Okay.

14:34 - Shadi Halloun
  So with this, is it like, what's the status of this one?

14:37 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So we need to make a stage in HubSpot, like cancel, and your managers, if someone cancel, they should put it in there.
  ACTION ITEM: Define/clarify sales pipeline stages for HubSpot
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Cfs9dVG22U2MyWQoX_6NrhEycNVyCzc8?timestamp=878.9999

14:49 - Shadi Halloun
  Okay, so the stage is one of the, of the deals that they drag, right?

14:56 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah, so that's another question that I wanted to ask you. What's like? right. The best stages we should do.  For example, your manager called to client and he say, okay, I will pay tomorrow. Yeah. And then we put from contacts to deals and stage can be like agreement for tomorrow.  Like he say, okay, I pay. He make first payment. Yeah. So it should be stage first payment or something.  And next stage should be like finish when client pay you all the money. Yeah. And in between we should have a stage cancel.  So when he start paying and then he stopped. Yeah, I agree. I agree. And one of them should be like, it's similar to the sheet.

15:48 - Shadi Halloun
  One of them should be like running or like, you know, like someone who's paying. Who's like, yeah.

15:56 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So who like, it's like some educational course that you sell. Yeah. Yes. So who started course or something. And I think it's important to track like refunds.  So maybe we can have a checkbox, a refund or not.

16:12 - Shadi Halloun
  So, or maybe we can have it as a, you want to have it as a stage or like as a, maybe check what's now because I don't have many refunds, like less than 1%.  Ah, okay.

16:23 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  I think, yeah, we just can make it in notes if someone refunds. So just let's not overcomplicate it.

16:32 - Shadi Halloun
  So, sorry, you meant note or to just have a custom field? I think custom field is better because we want to be like able to track it in reports, right?

16:44 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah. So we can just like canceled, like refund, yes or no, something like this. Exactly. Okay. Perfect. Okay. Let's go to conversion rates.  So in here. Here, to track it, what conversion rate?

17:05 - Shadi Halloun
  a second, because I'm going to write what we're saying so we can have like a summary.

17:09 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah, actually, I recorded in this meeting, so I will just send you a summary after. Sure, okay. Okay, so yeah, about conversion rate, you want tracking conversion like from marketing channels, or you mean conversion between stages when it's already in deals?

17:31 - Shadi Halloun
  No, and what's the difference? Basically, what I care about is I want to see the conversion rate per agent, per time, per day, etc.

17:43 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Like that's what I care about.

17:45 - Shadi Halloun
  So basically, it's just from leads to sales, like that's what I care about.

17:49 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Okay, so I mean, from the moment when you have contacts, like lead from your marketing, to the moment when the client makes the first payment.  Exactly. Okay. So I think if you're tracking sources from what marketing channel you have leads, it can be also useful to track it.

18:13 - Shadi Halloun
  Yeah, but we don't at the moment, yes, for the future, yes. At the moment we don't have that many marketing channels.  I would love to have a breakdown later on when we build these things. There's a lot of things to build.  But later on we can build these things like who's coming from email, who's coming from this. But at the moment I don't care much because I'm tracking this in other ways.  And we have 90% coming from Facebook ads, so I don't really care much. Okay.

18:39 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So about follow-up rates, I see that...

18:44 - Shadi Halloun
  So wait, for the conversion rate, need to add the stages that we decided on and then it will work, right?

18:53 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So we need to connect contacts, we need to connect it to deals and you want track... So only from contact to first payment, or you want to track conversion between stages from every stage?

19:08 - Shadi Halloun
  would be also good, between stages also, yeah.

19:11 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Uh-huh. Okay. So, yeah, it's possible.

19:21 - Shadi Halloun
  Okay. Listen, I just need to tell you, Leonid, if you see after this call, if you see that there is more work than you thought initially, I don't care, like, I want to keep it fair, so we can restructure the milestones, et cetera.  Okay, okay. So don't worry about that, yes? Let's just make sure that we're getting accurate data and doing it properly as a base, because there's a lot of things I want to add on top of it, yes?  Okay, okay.

19:48 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah, so just to understand the logic, how it will be built, maybe it's a bit technical, but it's important.  So, what we need for all these metrics, it's all same. First, we need just... need I got me. ahead.  Data, that's like source of truth, yeah? For example, how many follow-ups you managed to do and other. So if it's in HubSpot, we can calculate metrics using this information.  If we don't have this base information, we cannot have metrics. So like this. And then we just put all this information from HubSpot to the database.  And then we can do everything. And this is very easy. If we have the correct information, we can have like 1000 different metrics.  It's just combination of this base metrics. So, yes. Okay. About follow-ups, how you want to track it?

20:46 - Shadi Halloun
  So I tell you what I want to see and then you tell me how we track it. Basically, I want to see.  Okay. So sometimes you call a customer and then they tell you, okay, call me later. And then they call them.  Okay. After a week, after a month, they sent them a message, and then the customer signs up. So I want to see from the sales that they have, each agent, or in total, how many came from instant, I don't know, from the first days that the deal was sold, or was coming later.  So we can decide maybe like in the first 14 days, or seven days, or versus a month, or two, or five months, etc.

21:32 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Okay, okay. So you mean agent, your sales manager? Yes. Okay. So I was exploring HubSpot's structure, how it's in your business now, and I see like when manager calls, it's tracking.  Yeah. So for example, here call, we have the call data, which day, how many minutes, and if like some notes, we also have it.  So what I think we can store the data about every deal. For example, like events. Like for example, today, like your manager call five minutes.  Yeah. Tomorrow he send follow up message and he make a note in HubSpot. Yeah. So, okay. I text him.  He didn't reply or something like this. So we just have a deal and we have a lot of events for this deal.  then we can just calculate if we have type of event like call or like text or something else. And we have dates.  So then we can see what is their like roadmap.

22:42 - Shadi Halloun
  The problem with this, Leo, is that the sales team, you know how the sales team are. So I don't think they're going to like it to put a note every time they send a message because sometimes also messages are sent automatically.  Here, what I care about, it's just I want to see like who's good at follow ups and who's doing follow ups, et cetera, et cetera.  Thank you. So I think maybe a simpler way to do it would be like, this is already in the conversion rate, right?  Like this is already in the stages of the deal stages. So maybe one of the stages can be like follow-up, like you send someone to follow-up.  So for example, someone is interested or said like, ah, maybe later they put them in the follow-up and then we can see, we can track from there, no?

23:25 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So yeah, it's about stages. If like clients say yes, and then he just flaking, so he say, okay, tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow, should we make the different stage for this kind of clients?  Because I think if just make too many stages, it can get messy. So usually it's good when it's something like very basic.  For example, he say yes, then he make one pay, then he make all payments. So we don't say like, okay, now he say like, okay, tomorrow, then two follow-ups, three follow-ups.  And a lot of follow stages that are useless.

24:05 - Shadi Halloun
  But can this be already like, because we already have the time to sell, et cetera, like I saw already in the dashboard, you're tracking how long days to close, et cetera.  So maybe the days to close, this can be the follow-up rate per agent, right? Because if, like, if we're already tracking the days to close, then we can see, okay, who closed within seven days of signing up, or who closed within, like, that took them, like, seven or more days, and this can be the follow-up, the ones that came from follow-up, you know?

24:40 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah, so now I don't remember which fields we have on HubSpot, because it's, like, more than 100 fields, you know, from different, like, things that we're tracking.  So we just need to store all the data, row, and then we just see how we can, using this data, make the analytic work.  So something like this. So what's the plan with the follow-up rate?

25:05 - Shadi Halloun
  You're going to check or what? Yeah, I will check.

25:07 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  If I can make through API data about type of calls and events, we can make it. Or it just can be more simple, like how many days from the close, how many days between stages it is.  So something like this.

25:25 - Shadi Halloun
  Okay, cool. Total calls made. Yeah, so it's possible.

25:34 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Five minutes reached rate. is...

25:39 - Shadi Halloun
  wait, the total calls made? This is possible, but we still don't have it, yes?

25:44 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  I found the information about your call system. But it is in contact. So in contact, it's tracking. But I don't know if you change...  will see status to the deal, will it still check in there? Because it's about integration between your telephone service and HubSpot, you know?
  ACTION ITEM: Research/implement call data tracking in HubSpot (total calls, avg call time, etc.)
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Cfs9dVG22U2MyWQoX_6NrhEycNVyCzc8?timestamp=1565.9999  Okay.

26:12 - Shadi Halloun
  So what's the next step with this one? Like you're gonna check or what?

26:16 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So if your team already make calls for the deals that they have, yeah, in HubSpot, I will check if this information attached to the deal or to the contacts and how we can, like, see.  what it is. If I see that calls, like, some problem, I will send you a message, like, you need to fix this and this and you can give it to your technical guy.

26:42 - Shadi Halloun
  Okay, I can show you. I will check now because what happens is after we sell someone and we move to deals, we still call them sometimes.

26:53 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So you can check those.

26:57 - Shadi Halloun
  So I can give you an example like this and then you can check it, yes?

27:00 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah, can give me like a couple of deals that your team already called when they close it. Okay.

27:11 - Shadi Halloun
  Okay.

27:13 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So five minutes rate, you mean they're like long of call or some... Yes. Yeah. Yeah, we can track it because we have data how long is call from the HubSpot.  Okay.

27:33 - Shadi Halloun
  Offer given and rate. So this is basically I want to see like if you see like now we have a custom property that says offer or qualified.  So now they're putting yes or no as a custom field. You want to keep it this way or is there other ways?

27:50 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  I think it doesn't matter if it's okay for your team to have this offer given, we can track it.  Yes. But it's better that you not change it every month. For example, this month... This next month is this.  So we need to like more like stable way. Okay.

28:08 - Shadi Halloun
  And I think the question is like, what, what, what things do we need to keep as stages in the deals?  And then what things we need to keep us custom feeling? But I think, I don't know what's the best practice because this is part of the, like, and then they're interested and then you qualify and then you like give them an offer and then they sell, you know?  Okay. Okay.

28:29 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah. Yeah. It makes sense. So when customers say yes, what it means? It's, uh, after you give him an offer.  Yes.

28:40 - Shadi Halloun
  First they say, they first, they said, okay, yeah, I am interested. And then you tell him, okay, this is the price.

28:45 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So you give them the offer and then they, uh, yeah, I think, I think we need, uh, make a different stage, but okay, um, if the customers say yes, yes, and you make a proposal, yeah, you make offer to him.  Yes, around 20% of the 10.

30:03 - Shadi Halloun
  So like if 10 say yes, around two, we buy eventually.

30:06 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Okay, yeah, we need to make a different stage from offer. Exactly. Okay, now I have a question about this.

30:13 - Shadi Halloun
  If we make it this way, then, okay, so I'm the sales manager. I call someone, they say, yes, I'm interested.  I say, okay, the price is 5,000. And they tell me, okay, I'll let you know, I'll call you later, whatever.  Okay, so now what happens is that this deal stays in the offer, and then we wait, and then he waits, and then he sees his deals.  Or, like, this is how he manages his pipeline, right?

30:40 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So how many, like, how much time it needs to manager to make an offer? It's like automated, or it's like?  No, it's in the call.

30:47 - Shadi Halloun
  It's like, it's just on the call. It's like five minutes, 10 minutes. Ah, so you're not like selling some like template or something?

30:55 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  No, no.

30:56 - Shadi Halloun
  It's same, it's the same price for everyone. All of us.

30:59 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, okay, okay. I need to think about this. Because if someone say yes, and someone say yes, maybe, like, it's different.  Yes, that's the problem.

31:14 - Shadi Halloun
  Let me also think about it. I will put it here.

31:19 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Because if you don't send them, like, proposal, we don't need extra stage, so...

31:27 - Shadi Halloun
  Yeah, the question is, like, with the follow-ups, like, maybe it's easier for the managers, like, the managers will have the pipeline.  Okay, you know what, let me clarify the stages, and then it will be better. Because if you have a lot, then maybe we don't need this, yeah?  Let's move on.

31:44 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  I will get back to you on this. So, qualified trade, it's, like, what you're talking, like, after the call, if, like, someone say, I don't have money, yeah, or I'm not interested, so he's not qualified, yeah?  Yeah? Okay. I

32:02 - Shadi Halloun
  Yeah. Yes, exactly. Because sometimes you call a lead or like it's simpler. It's even before. Like you call a lead and say, oh, no, I didn't sign up.  No, I'm not interested in this. You know, in the beginning and they just cancel.

32:12 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Okay. So it's from the contact. Some contact that's not qualified, they go to dump. Yeah.

32:19 - Shadi Halloun
  Oh, so we don't even need to move them to deals. Yeah. So basically, we already have this as custom field, by the way.  Yeah.

32:29 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So you're tracking. What's the reason of no? Because don't have money, not interested, this, this, this. We need to track it.

32:40 - Shadi Halloun
  Yeah, we have the reason. Yes.

32:42 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Okay. So if you already have this information in HubSpot, it will be not difficult to like track.

32:55 - Shadi Halloun
  Okay. Okay.

33:00 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Okay. Three above rates to close. What does it mean?

33:10 - Shadi Halloun
  Yeah, no, this is already, like, basically, I want to see, like, the percentage of qualified only that they close, like, you know, or the percentage of the people that we give offer that they end up in closing.  But what you said earlier is as long as we have this data, we can manipulate and we can play.  Okay, so I will remove this, no need for this.

33:30 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah, so average installments, it's easy. Average call time, also, we can track it. Total call time, we can track it.  Pick up rate, I'm not sure. Because, yeah, yeah, because I listened a couple of calls and, like, for example, if customer didn't pick up, I don't know if I can get this data in API.  AI or not. Because, yeah. It's all about integration between your Kafka and HubSpot. It's possible.

34:08 - Shadi Halloun
  We already have it in HubSpot reports, by the way. It's called Calls Connected, so we can see that already.

34:14 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  I don't know about reports, but if you have this field in deals or in contacts and it's accurate, we can track it.

34:23 - Shadi Halloun
  No, we don't have it as a field. It's not a custom field, but it's only in the reports. It's similar to the reports of the calls.  In the reports of the calls on HubSpot, can see each sales manager, how many calls he made, and then how many connected there were.  So it's already there. So why can't we...

34:42 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So I was like connecting between deals and contacts if I need to check the reports. I don't how it will be, so let's...  I need more... No research for this, because if you have a report and it's just the total info, I think they don't have connection between what exact deal or what exact contact, so yeah.  Okay.

35:18 - Shadi Halloun
  I also don't care about exact deal or exact contact, I just want to see per manager what's the pick-up rate.

35:25 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah, yeah, because if we have, so it's more complicated if it's in different places, because we can combine it, connect, and see what is.

35:35 - Shadi Halloun
  Yeah, okay, trial rate.

35:37 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Trial rate is what?

35:40 - Shadi Halloun
  Trial rate, this is basically, sometimes we give people a free trial. I don't know if, I don't think it should be a stage, because we give them like a free trial for one, two, three days, and then maybe they buy or maybe they don't.  So, but I want to track like, okay, from the people that we give the free trial how much.

36:03 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah, think we can make fields like yes or not, something like this, because maybe in the future you change your mind and you don't want GIF trials anymore.  Okay, time to sale. You mean it's from the leads in your contacts to the moment from the first payment?  Yes. Okay. Yeah, it's Ken. Time to first contact.

36:38 - Shadi Halloun
  So this is from the moment they enter until the moment someone calls them.

36:44 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah, so all about calls. I don't know in what format will be data, but if it's accurate in HubSpot, we can track this all.  If no, I will need information I think from Kafka. So yeah, we'll see. Okay.

37:02 - Shadi Halloun
  Average follow-ups, calls or attempts per leads, yeah. this is also about calls, right? Yeah, yeah.

37:10 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Visualize funnel, opt in, so what is I'll tell you what is this, I'll tell you what is this. I'll leave this for now, leave it, leave it.  Okay. So, different sales script testing. Yes, okay.

37:32 - Shadi Halloun
  Because this I also wanna, I wanna test like, this I think just a custom field. Like I wanna test like if we give them, if we call and say this script, receive the call and say this script.  Like I wanna see the conversion rates, yes? Okay.

37:45 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So this is also custom fields, yeah? Yeah.

37:51 - Shadi Halloun
  Watch video, close video. Or is integration with your system? We're already doing this as a note, like we send as a note.  If they... Actually, we have a custom field also. If they watched 18 minutes or 4 minutes, we have this custom field.  It's not a problem. We just want to add it to the bulk of data so we can create reports, et cetera.  Mm-hmm.

38:16 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Okay. So your managers will just manually enter this data? Yeah. They don't like it.

38:22 - Shadi Halloun
  No, it's a marketing. It's automation. Like when someone watches in the landing page, we mark them so we can see like the impact of the video on the sales.  So it's automatic. They don't need to do anything. Yeah.

38:37 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  If it's already in HubSpot, because I remember that I created exactly this field because I didn't find it. So yeah, need to double check it.  Okay.

38:48 - Shadi Halloun
  Okay. So, okay.

38:52 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Basically, we now have custom fields that we need just manually add. And then we have always telephones, events, follow-ups,  So I will need to check all this data, yeah, and we have like visualization, like graphics and stuff, so, yeah.

39:14 - Shadi Halloun
  No, the visualization we don't need, where, what do you mean?

39:17 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Ah, okay.

39:22 - Shadi Halloun
  Okay, so let's refine, let's refine the milestones, think, so it's clear, okay. Set up this to fully replace the Google Sheet, this is, this already we have it, yes.  Now, set up all the data in Airtable with UI to Query and visualize it. So, sorry, wait. So, I see this, someone's birthday here.  Is it better now? object. so, let's go, let's It's okay.

40:02 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Okay.

40:03 - Shadi Halloun
  So this is the second thing that we have, like set up all data in air table with UI to query and visualize.  Okay. But now this has changed because like, we don't have all the data, like 90% of the sheet, we don't have it.  So how do you think we should be doing this?

40:22 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Mm-hmm. So what we need is first configure the HubSpot. So we need to check if all the fields that we're talking about mapping correctly.  If they not mapping now, need your manager starts to mapping them. So it's configuration in air table. And also to see which data, like from calls, it's already good.
  ACTION ITEM: Implement "easy" metrics in DB (total sales, avg deal size, total deals, cancellation rate, etc.)
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Cfs9dVG22U2MyWQoX_6NrhEycNVyCzc8?timestamp=2450.9999  And if something not good, we should like add extra. So something like this. So basically, yeah.

40:55 - Shadi Halloun
  I would suggest, man, just to keep it simpler and so we can release another milestone without waiting. So, Okay.  For all of this, maybe we can, there's some of the data here. Look, some of them, you said that you already can, what is it?  Yeah, let's say like this, just all the data in database. Yeah, basically, I think the ones that you can already add that you think that you said like, yeah, this is easy, I will add it, I will add it, all the ones, I will put it now in the sheet.  We can have a milestone for this. I want to say, okay, now we're tracking this. And then all the things that require working, we can have it as a separate milestone, yes?
  ACTION ITEM: Create Superbase account, send login/pwd to Leonid
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Cfs9dVG22U2MyWQoX_6NrhEycNVyCzc8?timestamp=2494.9999  Okay.

41:38 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah, that's good. good? Okay, perfect.

41:40 - Shadi Halloun
  So let me adjust here with you.

41:45 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Yeah, so from this milestone, what I need also from you, it's make account in Superbase and give me login and passwords.

41:54 - Shadi Halloun
  Okay, I will do it now, no problem. I'll do it now with you. So let's just remove this, and do it.-bye.  It's so annoying. Yeah. Like, I also opened it to my site.

42:46 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So you figure it out or not? Or two, actually.

42:54 - Shadi Halloun
  So... No, this is... Chef would check. OK. OK, so basically, I added all the things that you said are easy.  And then the ones that are not, I will just put them at the next milestone, follow-up rate. No, this one is here, total comes right.  This will be for three. Three. Three. Three. OK. OK. Let me know if it's like this, if it's good.  OK. I don't see your screen.

44:02 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  It's like loading. No, it's the sheet.

44:05 - Shadi Halloun
  I just added a milestone so we can know which ones we release at which stage.

44:17 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So yeah, just easy. It's easy and more complicated is including calls and follow ups. exactly.

44:24 - Shadi Halloun
  Yeah, the ones that you said are easy, I will just put them as now as this milestone. And then the other ones that need to work or that need us to do things, would put them at the next milestone, yes?  Yeah.

44:37 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  Okay. So yeah, and you need like synchronization, like live between HubSpot and are you okay if just CSV files and stuff?  Actually, yes. Actually, yes.
  ACTION ITEM: Set up daily API sync between HubSpot and project database
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Cfs9dVG22U2MyWQoX_6NrhEycNVyCzc8?timestamp=2689.9999

44:50 - Shadi Halloun
  And if you can do it, I can add like a bit more money maybe to it. But I think it's better if you do it rather than my team.  What do you think? Yeah, it's Ken.

45:00 - Leonid Shvorob (standartdevelop@gmail.com)
  So I already... I was figuring out APIs, so how it will work, just every day it will call the API HubSpot and add the all missing data in our stuff.  Yeah, it's a little bit tricky, but yeah, it's possible to do.

45:22 - Shadi Halloun
  Okay, perfect. So this is our, let me share here. So add the easy data from sheet, once we have this, this is done at Milestone.  And then, let's do this, and then we do add filter.